command = /opt/homebrew/bin/fish
font-family = "JetBrains Mono"
font-size = 17
window-height = 1000000
window-width = 1000000
window-save-state = always
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
window-inherit-font-size = true
theme = catppuccin-mocha
shell-integration = fish
shell-integration-features = cursor,sudo,title
window-vsync = true
window-padding-color = extend
window-colorspace = display-p3
copy-on-select = false
macos-auto-secure-input = true
macos-titlebar-style = tabs
cursor-text = #000000
cursor-click-to-move = true
keybind = super+l=goto_split:right
keybind = super+h=goto_split:left
keybind = super+j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = super+k=goto_split:top
keybind = shift+enter=text:\n
